README.md, before:

# Week 3 and 4 Assignment - Twitter Client

Preview of application

![Animation of app](https://www.dropbox.com/s/advdpqgc13gbtud/CodePathTwitterClient.gif?dl=1)

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Stories

- [x] User can sign in to Twitter using OAuth login
- [x] User can view the tweets from their home timeline
	- [x] User should be displayed the username, name, and body for each tweet
	- [x] User should be displayed the relative timestamp for each tweet "8m", "7h"
	- [x] User can view more tweets as they scroll with infinite pagination
	- [x] Optional: Links in tweets are clickable and will launch the web browser (see autolink)
- [x] User can compose a new tweet
	- [x] User can click a “Compose” icon in the Action Bar on the top right
	- [x] User can then enter a new tweet and post this to twitter
	- [x] User is taken back to home timeline with new tweet visible in timeline
	- [x] Optional: User can see a counter with total number of characters left for tweet
	- [x] Bonus: Compose activity is replaced with a modal overlay
- [x] Advanced: User can refresh tweets timeline by pulling down to refresh (i.e pull-to-refresh)
- [x] Advanced: User can open the twitter app offline and see last loaded tweets
	- [x] Tweets are persisted into sqlite and can be displayed from the local DB
- [x] Advanced: User can tap a tweet to display a "detailed" view of that tweet
- [x] Advanced: User can select "reply" from detail view to respond to a tweet
- [x] Advanced: Improve the user interface and theme the app to feel "twitter branded" (though Compose Tweet could use some work)
- [x] Bonus: User can see embedded image media within the tweet detail view
- [x] User can switch between Timeline and Mention views using tabs.
- [x] User can navigate to view their own profile and see picture, tagline, # of followers, # of following, and tweets on their profile.
- [ ] User can click on the profile image in any tweet to see another user's profile and see picture, tagline, # of followers, # of following, and tweets on their profile.
	- [ ] Optional: User can view following / followers list through the profile
- [ ] User can infinitely paginate any of these timelines (home, mentions, user) by scrolling to the bottom
- [ ] Advanced: Robust error handling, check if internet is available, handle error cases, network failures
- [ ] Advanced: When a network request is sent, user sees an indeterminate progress indicator
- [ ] Advanced: User can "reply" to any tweet on their home timeline
	- [ ] The user that wrote the original tweet is automatically "@" replied in compose
- [ ] Advanced: User can click on a tweet to be taken to a "detail view" of that tweet
	- [ ] Advanced: User can take favorite (and unfavorite) or reweet actions on a tweet
- [ ] Advanced: Improve the user interface and theme the app to feel twitter branded
- [ ] Advanced: User can search for tweets matching a particular query and see results
- [ ] Bonus: User can view their direct messages (or send new ones)


Time spent part 1: 15 hours

Time spent part 2: 5 hours

[CodePath Week 3 Assignment](http://courses.codepath.com/courses/intro_to_android/week/3#!assignment)

[CodePath Week 4 Assignment](http://courses.codepath.com/courses/intro_to_android/week/4#!assignment)

Library credits: [CodePath RestClientTemplate](https://github.com/codepath/android-rest-client-template), [Picasso](http://square.github.io/picasso/), [android-async-http](http://loopj.com/android-async-http/), [AndroidStaggeredGrid](https://github.com/f-barth/AndroidStaggeredGrid), [ActiveAndroid](https://github.com/pardom/ActiveAndroid), more linked to from RestClientTemplate, [PagerSlidingTabStrip](https://github.com/astuetz/PagerSlidingTabStrip).

Icon credits: [iconmonstr](http://iconmonstr.com/)

Commit message:

Clean up UI, view user profiles
Cleaned up the UI for the profile activity. Allow you to launch user
profiles. Allow you to view tweet detail from other timelines.

README.md, after:

# Week 3 and 4 - Twitter Client

Preview of application

![Animation of app](https://www.dropbox.com/s/5ooiahbnts90dms/CodePathTwitterClient2.gif?dl=1)

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Stories

- [x] User can sign in to Twitter using OAuth login
- [x] User can view the tweets from their home timeline
	- [x] User should be displayed the username, name, and body for each tweet
	- [x] User should be displayed the relative timestamp for each tweet "8m", "7h"
	- [x] User can view more tweets as they scroll with infinite pagination
	- [x] Optional: Links in tweets are clickable and will launch the web browser (see autolink)
- [x] User can compose a new tweet
	- [x] User can click a “Compose” icon in the Action Bar on the top right
	- [x] User can then enter a new tweet and post this to twitter
	- [x] User is taken back to home timeline with new tweet visible in timeline
	- [x] Optional: User can see a counter with total number of characters left for tweet
	- [x] Bonus: Compose activity is replaced with a modal overlay
- [x] Advanced: User can refresh tweets timeline by pulling down to refresh (i.e pull-to-refresh)
- [x] Advanced: User can open the twitter app offline and see last loaded tweets
	- [x] Tweets are persisted into sqlite and can be displayed from the local DB
- [x] Advanced: User can tap a tweet to display a "detailed" view of that tweet
- [x] Advanced: User can select "reply" from detail view to respond to a tweet
- [x] Advanced: Improve the user interface and theme the app to feel "twitter branded" (though Compose Tweet could use some work)
- [x] Bonus: User can see embedded image media within the tweet detail view
- [x] User can switch between Timeline and Mention views using tabs.
- [x] User can navigate to view their own profile and see picture, tagline, # of followers, # of following, and tweets on their profile.
- [x] User can click on the profile image in any tweet to see another user's profile and see picture, tagline, # of followers, # of following, and tweets on their profile.
	- [ ] Optional: User can view following / followers list through the profile
- [x] User can infinitely paginate any of these timelines (home, mentions, user) by scrolling to the bottom
- [x] Advanced: Robust error handling, check if internet is available, handle error cases, network failures
- [x] Advanced: Improve the user interface and theme the app to feel twitter branded
- [ ] Advanced: When a network request is sent, user sees an indeterminate progress indicator
- [ ] Advanced: User can "reply" to any tweet from their home timeline
- [ ] Advanced: User can take favorite (and unfavorite) or reweet actions on a tweet
- [ ] Advanced: User can search for tweets matching a particular query and see results
- [ ] Bonus: User can view their direct messages (or send new ones)

Known issues
- In offline mode, timelines are not populated with the right content because it currently just selects all tweets.

Time spent Part 1: 15 hours | Part 2: 10 hours

[CodePath Week 3 Assignment](http://courses.codepath.com/courses/intro_to_android/week/3#!assignment) | [CodePath Week 4 Assignment](http://courses.codepath.com/courses/intro_to_android/week/4#!assignment)

Library credits: [CodePath RestClientTemplate](https://github.com/codepath/android-rest-client-template), [Picasso](http://square.github.io/picasso/), [android-async-http](http://loopj.com/android-async-http/), [AndroidStaggeredGrid](https://github.com/f-barth/AndroidStaggeredGrid), [ActiveAndroid](https://github.com/pardom/ActiveAndroid), more linked to from RestClientTemplate, [PagerSlidingTabStrip](https://github.com/astuetz/PagerSlidingTabStrip).

Icon credits: [iconmonstr](http://iconmonstr.com/)
